{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 STHeitiSC-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Strengths: The chapter\'92s structure is clear and specific, it introduces the definition, the history, contributions to HCI and the operation method of Research through design. In the article, examples are always provided after introductions of new terminologies, which makes readers easier to comprehend RtD. Furthermore, comparisons are useful to deeply understand RtD. For example, the comparison among research into design, research for design and research through design is useful for readers to distinguish these three terms. Finally, the chapter takes authors into account, not only focusing on methods, which guides readers to consider problems like authors.\
\
Weakness: At the end of the chapter, exemplars are recommended, but they kind of overlay with each other. For example, the design of camera includes two distinct practices\'97Lab and Field. It confused me a lot.\
\
Liked: I liked the clear structure of the chapter, and some interesting examples following definitions. What\'92s more, comparisons are intriguing and useful, and taking authors into consideration not only respects authors, but also shows humanization.\
\
Disliked: I only disliked its examples provided after introducing the way to use RtD. I felt a bit hard to understand them.\
\
Ideas/thoughts: A great invention or concept may not be absolutely new, they can emerge from several different places, combine and develop these ideas into better ones. The development can use deductive reasoning, induction method and adductive method. What\'92s more, we can put two or all of three distinct practices into our projects, not just one method every time. \
\
Any questions: I think there must be some inter disciplines among terminologies in the chapter, like research into design, research for design and research through design. The chapter can provide a bit more specific examples to describe them.\
\
Related personal experience: When I was developing the interface of health kiosk during my internship, in order to figure out user experiences, I participated a show and asked some people to use it. I think I have used Participatory Design and User-Centered Design (Field).\
\
\
\
A creative lamp: Rechargeable and folding one; The intensity of light can be changeable according to the surrounding. For example, if the light around users is dim, the lamp will strengthen its light\'92s intensity
\f1 , 
\f0 and vice versa. This function is good for users\'92 vision. Also, if I share bedroom with others, it is impolite to keep the light on, but sometimes we have to use the lamp to study or do something urgent, so the light\'92s aggregation is important, less divergence of light is a better choice. Namely, I would like to make the lampshade\'92s radian larger, making the light focus on users\'92 reading materials; Finally, the place users handle lamps should be humanized,  so its shape can imitate curved fingers. Sometimes it is difficult for users to fix the lamp on the uneven platform, so I\'92d like to replace the bottom of the lamp with a special clamp. Therefore, users can not only put the lamp on the even platform, but also fix them to other platforms.}